har2grinder
===========

Creates test files for The Grinder based on HTTP Archive (HAR) files generated by Chrome DevTools.

Overview
--------

The har2grinder script creates a test file, which can be run by [The Grinder][grinder] load testing framework.

The test files are generated from [HTTP Archive (HAR) files][har], which can be generated using Chrome DevTools.


Recording a test using Chrome DevTools
--------------------------------------

1. Fire up Chrome and open the DevTools.

2. Click the gear icon in the bottom right corner and disable the cache.

3. Open the Network tab of the DevTools.

4. Clear the Network history ("no entry" icon at bottom).

5. Choose the option to Preserve Log upon navigation (circle icon turns red).

6. Navigate around your site.

7. After you navigate to the pages you want to test, right-click on the network history panel and choose "Copy All as HAR". Save the clipboard to a .har file.


Converting a HAR file to a Grinder test
---------------------------------------

To convert the recorded navigation to a Grinder test, run the `har2grinder` script:

    python har2grinder.py my_website_test.har


Settings
--------

You can specify options by creating a file named `settings.py` in the directory which holds the `har2grinder` script.

Currently supported options:

* `SLEEP_BETWEEN_PAGES` - the time which Grinder will wait after loading the first page before proceeding to the next.
* `EXCLUDED_DOMAINS` - a tuple, which list domains for files hosted by external CDNs, which are not part of your test.


[grinder]: http://grinder.sourceforge.net  "The Grinder, a Java Load Testing Framework"
[har]: https://dvcs.w3.org/hg/webperf/raw-file/tip/specs/HAR/Overview.html "HTTP Archive (HAR) format"